♪ (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(CELL PHONE VIBRATES)
Tom! Where is she, huh?
She must be in transit
or a tunnel or...
-Roman.
-Oh. Where's Shiv?
ROMAN ROY: I don't know
where she is, Dad.
What the fuck's going on? I...
What's everyone saying?
I need to know where everyone is
and what everyone's thinking.
Where are you?
Yeah, you know, heading
for a shit, shave, and a shower.
No, no. I need Connor steadied.
I need Marcia, I need Shiv,
I need Ray, and Cyd,
and fucking-- Oh...
I need you
showing your face for me, son.
You want me to go
to talk to him? To Ken?
LOGAN ROY: No, fuck that. No.
No one talks to the snake. No.
Keep Gerri close, hmm?
Keep an eye on her.
I trust you.
It just had to be Gerri
for right now, for today.
Uh... Yeah.
Uh, yeah. I get it, Dad.
♪ ("SUCCESSION" THEME MUSIC
PLAYING) ♪
♪ (THEME MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
-Okay, Greg.
-Mm-hmm?
Let's game a call
with your grandpa,
I'd like us to get Ewan
squared off.
-Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think, um...
-Yeah.
(SMACKS LIP) I guess,
maybe you
ought to just do that, right?
-You okay, dude?
-Yeah.
You wondering
if you tied your dick
to a runaway train here?
GREG HIRSCH:
What? No, no, no. I mean...
You aren't Judas-ing,
are you, Greg?
GREG: No, no. (CHUCKLES)
Come here. Come on, buddy.
Come here, let's huddle.
Uh...
-KENDALL ROY: What's up?
-Yeah...
-I don't know. I--
-Talk to me.
I just...
I don't know, I mean-- I am...
um... just a bit scared,
like, I don't...
you know, I don't really wanna
go to Congress again.
I-- I'm kinda too young
to be in Congress so much,
-you know?
-Did my dad get to you?
Tom keeps calling.
He just wants to know
where we got the papers,
and-- or if you got--
-and what's in the papers, and--
-KENDALL: Look.
I'm not gonna burn you, kiddo.
I don't even have to tell
the government
where I got the papers.
Well, you said you wouldn't--
Exact-- Yeah,
and I'll stick by that.
-So don't--
-JESS JORDAN: Hey, Ken.
-KENDALL: Yeah? Hey.
-JESS: Uh, Remi's here.
-KENDALL: What up?
Remi in the house.
-REMI BISHOP: What's up, bro?
Big things. Big things.
You did the right thing, man.
I want to do the right thing.
Okay. Let's settle your stomach.
Let's-- let's set you up
with a lawyer, okay?
-Hey, Ken. (CLEARS THROAT) Ken?
-KENDALL: Yeah.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Oh, fuck yeah! Okay.
Uh, uh, uh...
-Can-- can you figure this out?
-Oh, uh...
Hi, everyone.
Sorry to interrupt.
We-- we just need the room
for a little bit, so, um...
-take a five, take a ten.
-KENDALL: Thank you,
thank you, mental giants.
(ELEVATOR DINGING)
Can I--
I'm gonna hop in that elevator
while it's still-- Thank you.
Very nice.
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
-Hello?
-TOM WAMBSGANS: Hello, Gregory.
Tom? This--
this isn't the Tom number.
I know. Aren't I clever?
Hey, Gregory. Is it true
you have a saucy secret?
I, uh, actually don't know
what you're talking-- I--
Do you like to do
your house chores in the nude?
GREG: Hello? What?
What the fuck is going on, Greg?
(CHUCKLING) I don't know, man.
I'm just an observer.
I'm not a part of this,
necessarily.
TOM: Well,
Logan is very interested
what you're up to.
You don't come home to us,
you're gonna end up
in a work camp.
Logan is gonna fire
a million poisonous spiders
down your dickey.
You better find an animal corpse
-to crawl into and hide.
-GREG: I am--
I'm not a part of this,
necessarily, Tom.
Okay. What about the papers?
I don't-- I maybe
don't even know what they are
or where they came from.
Fine. Okay. Well, we'll have
to see if he buys that.
Well, I-- I mean, I can say...
Did you know
that Shiv's over there?
-What? At Kendall's?
-GREG: Uh-huh. Yeah.
-Did-- did you know?
-Yeah. Obviously. But, um...
let's just keep that
under the old Stetson for now.
-Okay, cowboy?
-Yeah. Yes, sir.
Yes, siree.
-LOGAN: Any Shiv news?
-Uh, what?
-Shiv!
-Shiv. Uh, uh, no, no.
No, not as yet.
Nothing-- no-- no luck there.
-JESS: Okay.
-Okay?
Yeah. Oh,
and I called Stewy and asked,
and this came from him. It's...
-Okay. Is that a joke?
-JESS: It's--
Uh, who--
who's the Trojan horse here?
You want-- you want me
to look inside of it?
KENDALL: It's mind games.
Send it back.
And set something,
I need to see him.
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
-We good?
-JESS: Yeah. We're good.
Oh.
Oh. There he is. The little man
who started this big war.
How you doin'?
SHIV ROY: Can we get out
of the sunlight, please?
Who sold you the Thoroughbred?
REPORTER: Safetime is backed
by investment firm...
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING)
...who stood by Safetime
throughout last year's
technological issues.
Oh, my God.
Look at you photograph
your tiny name.
Well, you know,
for my daughters.
Oh, right. That is so cute.
How are your daughters?
You got pictures?
Don't talk about my daughters.
Look at you,
telling me the sensitive areas.
You know me. I'll be respectful.
Mm-mm.
(IMITATES EXPLOSION)
So this is it, huh?
It's actually happening.
The order prevails.
The gas also rises.
Oh, you know. It's like
when you see
those lists of popes
and emperors,
and some of them have asterisks
by their names.
Hmm. So...
couple of things
wanted to talk to you about.
Um...
I just wanna make sure...
check that you're not
concerned about...
all this stuff.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
ROMAN: (LAUGHS) Um...
I hope that you're not anxious
that you've, you know...
chained yourself
to a fire hydrant that spews out
cultural insensitivity
and sperms.
GERRI KELLMAN: Look, Roman,
I'm not kidding myself
about anything.
I need family support.
So I'm very open to cooperation
-and input.
-ROMAN: Great.
-And you have good instincts.
-ROMAN: Thank you.
You also have
horrible instincts,
like the not cooperating
is a disaster,
but you also have a good finger
on the pulse
of, uh... in terms of...
You mean,
I sometimes surf the web?
Yeah. You know, news,
and "culture" and whatnot.
-You're-- you have an instinct--
-Thank you. I have a thought.
I think you should put together
an executive committee
to guide things
in this interregnum.
Well, you know,
I don't wanna dilute my potency.
ROMAN: Yeah?
But on the big calls,
you dipped everyone's hands
in blood. But you and me...
we run it to fuck.
See, I was thinking that first
we'd start with, you know,
working you into the quarterly
earnings calls
-as a signal...
-Mm-hmm.
-GERRI: But, uh, you know--
-Likey, likey.
That's a good start.
GERRI: Let me think about
the executive committee thing.
-I mean, it has good angles.
-Yeah.
You know, like,
he's irreplaceable.
Takes six of us
to replace one of him.
Mm-hmm.
Here we go.
Your apprenticeship begins.
-Okay.
-GERRI: Hmm.
Okay.
So, Shivy, how we doin'?
Look at you, all fuckin' merry.
-Is Lisa here?
-I have an offer.
SHIV: Yeah,
that's not why I'm here.
Well, I'm not gonna fuck around.
I want you to join me.
I want you on my side.
I'm not here to cozy up?
KENDALL: No?
But I would say
what Dad did to you,
-the sacrifice, that was cold.
-Well, I don't know.
From his point of view,
it made sense.
-SHIV: Uh-huh.
-I mean, who else
was he gonna choose?
And to let you know,
he took responsibility himself.
Well, yeah.
So...
I get it, you're angry.
-That was a fucking snake move.
-Yeah. I-- I know, just, uh...
Look, the situation
was the situation.
I felt I had no choice.
Oh, come on, Ken. That was
self-aggrandizing bullshit.
It was a peacock-fuck-show.
That's fair. I get it, sis.
You're angry with yourself.
SHIV: (CHUCKLES)
I'm sorry, what?
You know I did the right thing.
And you're angry with yourself
-for never doing it.
-Oh. Come on, fuck you.
That's just what I would say
is going on here.
SHIV: Uh-huh?
But if you don't see it
that way--
-That is not it!
-KENDALL: Sure.
-You fucked the family.
-Or I saved the family.
I think since this thing broke,
we've all been trying
to navigate our way through...
conflicting loyalties,
and that's difficult.
You tell yourself
you're a good person...
but you're not a good person.
Right now...
I'm the real you.
(SCOFFS) What?
Sure. You're the real me.
And I'm the real you.
Yeah?
What-fucking-ever.
♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(CUTLERY CLATTERING)
-Where is she, huh?
-Yeah. Hold up. Let's see...
LOGAN:
Have you spoken with Marcia?
Is someone connected?
She's available, we hear.
You wanna reach out?
Yes, I wanna fucking reach out,
Hugo.
I'm stuck in quicksand,
my family have disappeared,
the world is wobbling here.
Does no one understand
what the fuck is happening?
I'm losing juice.
I can't find
the right fucking lawyer!
The sky is falling in!
So when I say something,
it fucking happens.
We have to act on the world,
the fucking world,
-we have to act!
-Yes, sir!
Get her up. Con, my brother.
And get me some options,
some solid fucking options
where we can fly.
I'm not getting
smuggled out of here
in a fucking packing case, okay?
(SIGHS)
-You got her?
-Still...
KARL MULLER: Connor.
-Con?
-CONNOR ROY: Hey, hey.
-How you doin'?
-CONNOR: Oh, I'm great.
We flew back scheduled,
so that was just delightful.
Oh, I'm sorry, son.
That's tough.
It was fine. They had movies
and a selection
of heavily refrigerated cheeses.
So, you know,
it was really nice.
You know, I just wanted to say,
uh, hello,
and, you know,
thanks for holding the fort.
Sure. Operation: Thumb Twiddle.
You bet.
And now that we got a moment,
um...
those words, maybe harsh words,
on that tin can,
-on the boat, you know?
-Uh-huh.
Yeah, so no harm done?
You're pretty rude, Pop.
I-- I'd just like to say,
it's good to know that, uh,
with everything,
I can rely on you
with Kenny going nut-nut.
CONNOR: Yeah, sure.
You know, yeah.
Now, no one speaks
to him, right?
You're number one, kiddo.
You know that.
Number one.
(SCOFFS, GRUNTS)
So, where are these
famous papers?
-Safe. Getting copied.
-(SHIV SNIFFLING)
You know, lose those,
all this goes away.
Burn them, go say sorry to Dad,
beg for mercy.
Right. Say I had some deli sushi
and everything went little hazy.
-Mm-hmm.
-Shiv. Come on.
-SHIV: Great idea.
-No, I'm doing this.
And I want you on my side.
-So show me the papers.
-KENDALL: Well, I can't.
Unless you wanna come
on board with me.
But you know. I got 'em.
-(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
-JESS: Um, Kendall?
You have a visitor.
(INDISTINCT WHISPERS)
Roman's downstairs.
Okay, now we're talking.
JESS: Shall I send him up?
-KENDALL: Um...
-Well, does he know who's here?
-Does he know she's here?
-I-- I didn't mention it.
You wanna let him up?
I-- I mean--
KENDALL: You're the one
I want, Shiv.
I want you.
Sure, we should bring him in.
Okay, Jess...
-JESS: Okay.
-KENDALL: Show him up.
Oh, uh, Lisa needs two minutes.
Greg, this place is amazing.
Oh, thank you. Yeah, it's, uh...
not mine. (CHUCKLES) It's--
Anyway, I'm very grateful.
So, uh...
Kendall wants to pay
for my lawyer.
And I just th--
Well, you-- you-- you say.
What--
what do you think, legally?
Oh. (SCOFFS) I haven't even
finished first semester, Greg.
I just need
someone to talk to, Lia.
-Hmm.
-(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
-Oh, God. Oh, man. What now?
-LIA: Oh.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
-GREG: Hello?
-OLIVER NOONAN: Hi.
-Uh... Oliver Noonan.
-GREG: Okay.
OLIVER: Gerri Kellman
said you'd agreed I could come
-talk to you?
-GREG: Oh, right.
Um, sorry. Who buzzed you in?
OLIVER: Uh... We met
at the Hill hearings?
Oh. Oh, yeah, yeah, okay.
-Hey. Yeah.
-GREG: Hey. Oh, yeah, yeah. Yes.
Uh, yeah, I remember.
-There were a lot of us, right?
-GREG: Mm-hmm.
Look, I'm a lawyer
from Arbuthnot Weiss,
and I'm just checking in
to say hi.
GREG: Oh, that's nice.
Am I paying for this?
OLIVER: Yeah, no,
my fees are paid by Waystar.
Should I come in and-- and--
and explain?
Oh, wait, sorry. From--
Sorry, from Waystar?
So from Logan? Or--
No, no,
I'm from Arbuthnot Weiss.
-Greg, keep up, man. (CHUCKLES)
-(CHUCKLES)
Hey, no, I'm just checking in
to see the FBI's been in contact
and see if you have
any questions.
Oh. Um...
-Okay. Because you're...
-I'm your lawyer.
-Okay.
-OLIVER: Right? Yeah?
-Yeah.
-So I'll just--
I'll call Gerri and tell her
that we're all squared away.
And if the government calls,
then she can tell them
that I represent you.
Can I-- can you-- can you hold
for one moment?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Just hang-- just hang in--
-hang tight...
-Yeah.
...and we'll, uh,
seal the deal. Uh...
So, there is a lawyer here, Lia,
and, so, he is saying
he is my lawyer.
Do you think he--
he's probably my lawyer?
Uh, well, I-- I don't--
I don't know.
He couldn't, like,
sue me, or not...
arrest me, or subpoena me?
I don't-- I don't really know
what any of it means.
LIA: You want me
to text my professor?
Yeah. Text-- text him, text him.
-Hello. Yeah, man?
-OLIVER: Hey.
I think it's good. I feel--
I feel like, uh...
Yeah, uh, just a couple
of quick-- quick questions,
which is, do you choose me?
Or do I choose you?
(CHUCKLES)
Well, you choose, Greg.
Let's let you go now,
and-- and I'm gonna think--
I just need to think
a little bit and just, uh,
-see you soon?
-Well, okay. Good.
GREG:
No, no, no, not-- (CHUCKLES)
Not-- not that that constitutes
illegal promise.
-All right. Okay.
-GREG: All right.
-All right. I'll call Gerri.
-GREG: I'll call Gerri first.
-(OLIVER CHUCKLING)
-Okay.
I know you have things going on
but I'm gonna need you
for, like, eight to ten hours
very soon.
You could get a subpoena
any time
-and we need to be ready.
-Okay.
Uh, I can't do that right now.
I've bigger fish.
Bigger fish than staying
out of prison?
Look, I'll message you with time
and a head of our interview,
I need to look
over these papers in detail,
and then we can talk through
what the government gets
and when.
-Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
-LISA ARTHUR: Mm-hmm.
-Let me think.
-Ken, the FBI maybe showing up
at your door now. They could be
getting a search warrant
-for your apartment.
-Big picture.
What are you hearing? (WHISPERS)
Well, your Dad is pushing
political buttons.
There's talk he might play
hardball and not cooperate.
Which would be amazing.
I mean,
that's just a really terrible,
terrible decision.
-What if he shuts this all down?
-He can't shut it down.
KENDALL: Oh, yes, he can.
I mean, he might.
You need to prepare
for all eventualities.
We might need to--
to call the state police
to arrest the FBI, we might need
to plan to fly me out
without a tail number to--
to Frankfurt or Venezuela.
-LISA: Oh.
-I'm not serious, okay?
-But I am serious.
-(CELL PHONE VIBRATES)
Hey.
TOM WAMBSGANS: Hey, how goes it?
Yeah. Good. Fine. Why?
What's up?
TOM: Good. Just, uh,
wondering where you are.
Me? I'm, uh, home.
Just taking five.
Okay. Well. Just checking in
to see how you are.
-Uh, do you mind about Gerri--
-Uh, what? No.
Gerri?
No, it's fine. It's, uh, just...
-another fucking humiliation.
-TOM: Uh-huh.
Well. Yeah, talk to me
if there's big stuff.
SHIV: Uh-huh. Will do.
Thanks for checking in.
And, you know, I love you.
Thank you.
And-- and do you--
do you love me too?
-TOM: Why?
-"Why"?
Why do you wanna know?
The fuck? I just feel like
it's a pretty important thing
to know whether you do or not.
You know, you can't just
take my love and...
bank it.
And then, take it with you
to the love market, and see
if you wanna invest in me.
Uh-huh.
-But um... yeah, I do. I do.
-Great...
-because I do, too.
-TOM: Thank you.
It's good to know we--
we don't have
an unbalanced love portfolio.
-I love you.
-(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Okay. Well, looky looky here.
-Who's all this then, huh?
-Hey.
Hi. Okay. Well, fuck me.
I wondered, but...
-All right, okay.
-Uh, how is he?
-ROMAN: "How is he?"
-Yeah.
ROMAN: He's wondering
where the fuck you are.
-How come you're not picking up?
-Oh, I've had my phone off.
-No agenda.
-"No agenda"? None at all?
SHIV: How is he?
He's fucking-- fucking--
You know, he's fine, I guess.
Gerri's looking into how it
works to buy a private island
in the Philippines.
So, regular stuff.
-SHIV: Hmm.
-What...
is your fucking game?
-Why? What's yours?
-I'm here looking for you.
Yeah? Oh, sure. Sure.
And as far as you know,
that's the fucking truth.
-(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
-It's true.
ROMAN: (GASPS)
I'm hearing footsteps.
Oh, here he comes,
the attention whore.
-Hey, Rome.
-ROMAN: Hello.
-How you doin'?
-ROMAN: Oh. Wow.
Thank you for asking. I'm great.
It's just been
like a really great few days,
actually, yeah. How about you?
How you doin'?
-I feel pretty good.
-ROMAN: Hmm?
Certain amount of regret,
but you know...
pretty cleansed.
ROMAN: "Cleansed"?
That's interesting.
That's like,
really fucking interesting.
I guess, we'll learn to know
how you're actually doing,
gonna have to wait for you
to, you know,
call a national
fucking press conference.
And you be like,
"No, I said I was fine.
But actually, I'm not fine.
Roman is a dick.
And he didn't even bring me
anything from the airport,
and now I feel bad."
I did, actually,
I brought you those
Danish cinnamon things
-from the wherever place.
-Oh, that's--
-ROMAN: The-- the--
-That's sweet. That is so kind.
-Thank you.
-ROMAN: Oh, oh, shut up.
Just eat 'em or don't.
You're welcome.
You take a look?
-Oh. Yeah, fuck you.
-Yeah? Uh-huh?
So, look, guys.
Can we clean-slate this?
You didn't like how I did
what I did to Dad. Sure...
whatever, I'm sorry.
And that's for me and him.
But here's the thing. He's over,
so let's work together
to take over
and help him move on out.
Um... Well...
I'm just here
to spy on this one, so...
And I'm just here to get you
to back down.
-KENDALL: I'm sorry.
-Oh.
I'm sorry, I wanna tell you
what a fucking prick you are,
but can we do it
where we don't have to fold in
-Rava's dog-walker?
-Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Follow me.
Uh...
♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
-Sophie's room.
-He remembered his kid's name.
(MIMICS) "Uh, uh, Sophie!
Sophie's room."
Hey, yeah, this is great.
Thank you. Five stars.
Hey. Gramps.
Oh! Thanks for this.
-EWAN ROY: Hmm.
-Big gramps in the big city.
Hey, how you doin'?
W-- what are you doing here?
I am putting my affairs
in order.
Very nice. Very nice.
EWAN: Your publicity-shy friend,
the shrinking violet,
has been calling me.
What does he want?
Kendall. So, I-- I think
he's very much on the same page
as you, if it doesn't sound
too basic to be, like, good.
Right? Make company nice
and so on? Which-- which I guess
is-- that's kind of your thing,
right?
I found his performance
histrionic and meretricious.
-Well, tell me about it.
-(CLEARS THROAT)
The man
is a self-regarding popinjay.
(STUTTERS) No-- Sure.
I just don't like seeing
dirty laundry washed in public.
-GREG: Right?
-Mm-hmm.
Y-- yeah, and that's--
and that's actually why--
why I wanted to chat with you.
I just wanna chart
the right course
through this whole thing,
and Logan's offering me a lawyer
and Kendall's offering me
a lawyer. And I just...
You know, I'm try--
I think I could use
-some independent legal advice.
-Why do you need a lawyer, Greg?
GREG: I mean,
I haven't done anything wrong.
I-- I-- I just think
if everyone's showing up
to battle in armor,
then I feel kinda exposed here
in my loincloth.
Bad visual.
Yes.
-GREG: Yes?
-Yes, I can back you, Greg.
I'll set you up
with a legal counsellor.
Thank you! Thank you, Gramps.
So-- Yeah, sorry, sorry.
-That'll do. Thank you.
-(GRUNTS)
-I'll call you.
-All right!
-You're the man!
-See you.
I love you!
Okay.
Don't touch any of her shit.
KENDALL: Okay, so.
Uh, It's pretty simple.
Let's gang up on Dad
and take him down.
Jesus, let me shut
the door first.
Okay, well, why didn't you come
to us before?
Yeah?
This is a real fucking mess now.
It came together for me
in my head late. And, uh...
you know, it wasn't-- I mean,
I knew what I was gonna do.
-But--
-That was spontaneous?
-Well, I spoke with a lawyer--
-SHIV: Uh-huh.
Oh. Okay.
You spoke with a lawyer?
Yeah. But--
but they advised against.
Essentially, I mean, I--
I don't wanna rehash it all
but...
Look,
I was effectively acting alone.
Right. A spontaneous,
heartfelt out-pouring
of thoroughly lawyered emotion.
You guys can think
whatever you want
in the end of me.
(SCOFFING) Okay, well,
you've made this very hard.
But I'm here to find out
what you want
and to get you to back down.
-ROMAN: Yeah, on Dad's behalf.
-Uh-huh.
KENDALL: Oh, right.
Right, right.
So, if I say I'm taking him down
and I'm not interested
in any deals with him,
you just-- you call
and tell him and just
-take a hike?
-Yep--
-He's here.
-Who's here?
Connor. Send him in.
Right. Thought I heard
a clown car pulling up.
Ideally, I'd like to make
a media appearance,
all four of us.
-Oh. Would you?
-ROMAN: Oh, sweet!
Are we gonna be wearing costumes
that you have designed, asshole?
SHIV: Yeah. That's just
not gonna happen.
(DOOR OPENING)
-(DOOR CLOSING)
-ROMAN: Hey.
-Okay. Well.
-KENDALL: Hey.
-Thanks for coming.
-SHIV: Hey, Con.
Here we all are.
You know,
Pop's looking for you two.
Yeah,
we're he-- here on his behalf.
Oh, sure thing, honey. Me too.
All about Dad.
That's why we're all here.
Okay. Can-- can we, uh,
turn off the devices
and get into this?
(SIGHS)
So, my thing is, if this shit
was just epiphenomenal,
maybe it could be ridden out.
But these incidents
are symptomatic
of a foundational sickness
within our father
and his company.
Hmm, don't he use that tongue
prettier than a 20-dollar whore?
SHIV: (CHUCKLING) Yeah, like,
what's your point?
My point is
the milk is going sour.
CONNOR: Well, that explains it.
KENDALL: You know,
the-- the great whites
from politics to culture,
they're rolling off stage.
-It's our time.
-ROMAN: Oh, you mean us? This...
multi-fucking-ethnic
transgender alliance
of 20-something dreamers
we got right here?
-(SHIV LAUGHS)
-Okay, big picture...
we're the end
of a long American century.
Our company
is a declining empire
-inside a declining empire.
-Amen, brother.
People are--
are killing themselves with guns
or dope so fast
that we're losing pace.
Unsubscribe.
KENDALL: We're--
we're fat-fingered fucks
and we can only live on cream.
US supremacy is waning.
What I think is,
within that context,
we can become omni-national
and reposition.
Because actually, we're not tied
culturally or physically. So--
so we are actually
in a great position
to leapfrog tech.
Information is going to be
more precious than water
in the next 100.
Combine all our news operations,
become the global
news information hub.
Amazon is 20 years old,
Gates is an old geezer.
Detoxify our brand,
and we can go supersonic.
So, what do you say?
Are we interested?
ROMAN: Hmm...
Yeah, there's just something
about betraying our father
that just doesn't sit well
with me.
(SIGHS) He's a central player
in a rotten cabal
that has basically eaten
the heart...
-Okay, well...
-...out of American democracy.
ROMAN: "Rotten Cabal"
is a good name for a band.
He's not gonna be on trial
for that, though, Ken.
Well, maybe he should be.
Yeah, but if he didn't do it,
it would have been someone else
making the same dollar
off the same shit.
-Maybe. Yeah, maybe.
-Yeah.
-SHIV: Yeah.
-Maybe we're all irrelevant.
You know, maybe there was
always gonna be death camps,
and maybe the planet
is going to fry,
and there's nothing we can do.
Or maybe people make
a difference.
I don't know. Do you--
do you think
human beings matter?
You know, I'm just gonna say
right out that I'm a spy
and I'm gonna go back
and tell him everything.
I'm with Dad, so, yeah.
-Fuck you.
-Fine. Fine.
I-- I don't actually
give a fuck. You know, I'm--
I can perfectly
well do this alone.
I'm actually just trying
to be open-hearted
and-- and invite you in here.
I mean, it would probably be
simpler to go alone
but I want to offer you
a fucking ticket
-to the escape pod.
-Nice fucking guy, huh?
KENDALL: You're happy he went
over your head and put in Gerri?
I think that Gerri
is a good choice, yeah.
-SHIV: (CHUCKLING) Oh.
-What?
Whatever. Defend Dad
all you want,
but Gerri can
look after herself.
Yeah, I know that,
I'm not defending Gerri, I'm--
SHIV: You can't hide
under the covers with Mommy.
-Oh, fuck off, Siobhan.
-Oh, you love showing
your pee-pee to everyone,
but someday, you know,
you're actually gonna have
to fuck something.
-Fuck you. Bitch.
-CONNOR: Rome.
What? Leave it.
-Rome. Just-- Rome.
-SHIV: (CHUCKLING) What?
Okay, fine. I'll...
-That was low.
-That was an overreaction.
-That was not.
-Can we just try
to keep this nice? Yeah?
(DOOR CLOSING)
SHIV: It's not my fault
he's got a sex thing.
-Was I too harsh?
-KENDALL: Are you kidding?
He loves it. He--
he'll be out there, jerking off
-wearing my ex-wife's panties.
-(SHIV CHUCKLING)
♪ (VIOLIN MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
-Welcome to Sarajevo.
-MARCIA ROY: Thank you.
Thank you.
-Those fucking kids of yours.
-I know.
Are you all right?
I'm okay.
It's not a good time
to be estranged, Marcia.
Boy, proxy battle.
I was very hurt, Logan.
I know.
-So?
-I can't eat shit, Marcia.
I just can't.
But... (SIGHS)
You're a fool.
I can sometimes, get, uh...
distracted.
Of course, I might like to have
a small conversation
with somebody.
(STAFF WHISPERING)
(QUIETLY) This way.
-Bonsoir, Marcia.
-Bonsoir.
Bienvenue.
-MARCIA: Merci beaucoup.
-Mm-hmm.
Sorry.
For what?
I went to the bathroom.
I don't give a shit.
-You whore.
-KENDALL: Okay.
Here's how I see this.
-(SIGHS) Dad is complicated.
-(SHIV CHUCKLES)
But he did, or let,
bad stuff happen.
Yeah? And now it's a part of us
and our sickness,
and we have
to take responsibility
because we knew.
And this is our chance
to pay are dues
and wash our hands
for absolution.
Uh... (CHUCKLES)
Okay. Well, I didn't know.
Sure, whatever,
but yeah, you did.
Uh... No, I... (CHUCKLES)
I didn't. Did you, Rome?
No, I didn't know. No.
-KENDALL: No?
-No.
The fucking pipeline
of sad dancers
who got used and abused
and promised
some Hollywood bullshit?
We fucking knew.
Right. No, I--
I mean, I kinda knew...
you know, that there was...
But I didn't know
to the fucking--
-I didn't. I really did not.
-Oh, come on. We knew.
-ROMAN: What?
-KENDALL: We fucking knew.
Okay? And I-- I-- I--
I don't like bullshit.
Okay? I'm done. Enough.
Well, okay,
but what did we know?
-Yeah.
-CONNOR: I'm not saying
that you're responsible, Shiv.
But the guys, Dad, Mo,
the wolf pack.
We knew.
The jokes and the vibe to women
and to the-- to the grubby
fat-asses who took the cruises.
The blind eye and the payoffs
and the hush-hush
about Dad's pals,
or foreign workers
who got crushed like,
uh, like meat
in a fucking grinder,
with zero training,
and the border barrel,
and "clean out the rats
in the hold."
And you know, no,
it wasn't our fault.
And you-- you wanna pretend
your shit doesn't stink,
-be my guest, but-- but we--
-CONNOR: We knew.
-KENDALL: Thank you.
-We knew what those guys
in Dad's study
-were laughing about.
-Oh, no. I didn't know
that dancers were fucking
for their jobs,
and I didn't know that we threw
fucking migrants off boats
and covered it up as a matter
of secret company policy.
No, I didn't know
what they were laughing about.
"Don't get in the pool with Mo."
Yeah!
Well, I didn't get in the pool
with any
of those fucking creeps.
Yeah. Because he let
a gang of creeps run cruises.
No, Kendall, 'cause I was 15.
KENDALL: Yeah, well,
you know now, right?
-Do you know now?
-Of course I fucking know now!
Okay. This is all a sidebar.
Okay? We... (SCOFFS)
All I am asking is for us...
to move forward
from a position of truth.
And are we excluded
from the kingdom of heaven
unless we accept
the one true truth?
(CELL PHONE CHIMING)
Look, the kids are-- I--
I just wanna hug my kids.
Okay? I'll be right back.
We don't even need
to get into this. Okay?
This is side shit.
I'll be right back.
♪ (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Thanks for the horse, man.
Very funny.
Yeah. Well, I wanted to send
a real one, well a severed head,
but you wouldn't believe
the paperwork.
Look. Sorry, I couldn't,
you know, fold you in,
or alert you
in the press conference.
Dude, I gotta see
the Vietnamese monk
set himself on fire,
I got a ticket to the greatest
freak show on earth.
So-- so, look,
how does this play?
From the point of view of--
STEWY HOSSEINI: Do you
actually have a case?
-Yes. I can kill him.
-Okay. Good.
We're all ears,
but I don't see it, dude.
Let's talk.
Hey, Sandi.
Thanks for coming over.
(SCOFFS)
It wasn't terribly convenient.
No? Well, sure. I guess
nor would losing the proxy vote
for you or your dad.
-Dad, you're on.
-Hey, Sandy.
SANDY FURNESS:
(OVER PHONE) Hello.
Okay, look. So,
I can give you two hours,
-two minutes, or two words.
-Ooh, shorter's better.
-Back me.
-Well, maybe a little more.
Look, Sandy, we all know
you are, kind of, not really,
but yeah, really doing this
to beat my dad.
My father doesn't operate
that way.
He's in this because
of the business fundamentals.
Sure. Sure.
Well, look, the offer
we made Stewy in Greece...
we stick with all that.
But plus, my dad's gone.
Yeah, and when my dad
offers you the board seats
and all, one way or another,
he's gonna sideline you.
Right? But when my team
offers a strategic review,
-we mean it.
-(STEWY SCOFFS)
And what do you want today, Ken?
Today, I just-- I just
want the conversation.
And-- and an understanding,
if we push him out,
then we can avoid a, uh,
you know,
contested shareholder vote.
KAROLINA NOVOTNEY: Hi, Marcia.
Everyone's so happy you're back.
Good. I'm very happy.
KAROLINA: We were thinking
we could discreetly agree
some words in terms of, um,
where you've been
and where the relationship
is at?
-Of course.
-HUGO BAKER: Great.
And in terms
of the optics on this,
if you find it acceptable.
We would love to get back
visually to the Logan
that we all know,
and his wife back by his side,
so that if we fly, or if we--
Obviously, I have some requests.
-Oh, okay. Right.
-I was quite humiliated
by his infatuation
with that woman.
Karolina, do you wanna?
KAROLINA:
No, you go ahead, Hugo.
I mean,
I think Logan's position,
-and it's the truth, is that--
-I was humiliated
-and things must be made right.
-HUGO: Nothing needs to be said.
He was led by his prick.
Because we really would say
that nothing ever happened--
She's a whore
and it's not my problem
if she wouldn't finish him.
-Got it. Got the message.
-MARCIA: So...
for my return to be public,
I will need my role
on the trust finalized,
Amir's prospects assured,
my daughter taken care of,
and improvements
in my financial position.
Celeste will deal
with the details. Thank you.
HUGO: Thank you.
Now, the numbers
I'm going to propose
will sound like very,
very large numbers.
But if you consider them
in terms of the difficulties
it would present Mr. Roy
to have an acrimonious divorce
announced ahead of a contested
shareholder meeting,
then this'd start to seem
like very reasonable numbers.
CONNOR: I do worry.
Hey, I was assured
that yours is the best facility
for the storage of fine wines,
but now I'm looking
at a geological survey,
and it's worrying me.
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-SHIV: So?
What?
-Where you at?
-Just, uh...
hear him out and report.
-Right?
-Right.
-Oh, yeah. We gotta protect Dad.
-Yeah.
Because if we knifed him now,
it's true he'd bleed out, so...
I don't know about that.
(CHUCKLES)
Well, it's just true.
Well, I'm not sure
I care to speculate.
Rome, it's just
a statement of fact.
-Is it, now?
-Yeah.
Well then why you making
fucky eyes at me?
-I'm not making fucky eyes
at you.
-Yeah, you are.
You're making fucky eyes.
-SHIV: What are fucky--
-You're like, "Hmm."
-SHIV: Oh, those are my eyes?
-Like, "Bleed out."
(INHALES, MOANS)
-Jesus.
-ROMAN: Well, then stop trying
to convince me of shit.
It's not necessarily true, even.
Maybe someone else,
but this is Dad.
(SMACKS LIPS)
He's like fucking Moby Dick.
He could take us all down
with his back riddled
with harpoons. (CHUCKLES)
-A-- all three of us?
-ROMAN: Yeah.
And Con?
We back Ken, no, he's toast.
I'm not saying we should do it,
we just need to decide
what the fuck we're gonna do
because this is our moment.
I mean, what do you think?
First Rhea, now Gerri.
It doesn't-- It's not great.
Well, I don't know.
I don't think
Dad would actually go.
Do you, Con?
SHIV: He's not infallible, Rome.
No. Sure. I just don't think
he ever fails or ever will.
You-- What--
He missteps all the time.
He's not Dad from 20 years ago.
He's... he's "now" Dad.
It's very hard to imagine
him surviving if we allied
-and backed Kendall.
-Yes. Exactly.
And if we squared Frank
and Karl, then...
-(CHUCKLES) ...he is toast.
-ROMAN: I don't know. Maybe.
-Yes-be!
-ROMAN: Oh, but it's his board.
Oh, yeah, well, sure,
but a lot of fresh blood
is a lot of fear.
I think if we pull
the pin today,
tomorrow, a spooked board,
we could win.
My only concern with that,
it might actually kill him.
KENDALL: Okay.
How we doin'?
So, where are we?
All right, look.
You win, take Dad out.
I-- I don't see us
coming through
in the proxy battle.
Shareholders,
they don't like confusion.
How does the family
stay in control?
We give Dad the revolver,
show him to his office,
-proxy battle is over.
-SHIV: Uh--
Sandy and Stewy would back down.
I've spoken with them.
-Busy fucking bee.
-KENDALL: No vote.
-We'd have a settlement.
-Really?
I think if Dad went fast, yeah.
Look, guys, I don't know
what I think about Dad.
Uh... I love him, I hate him,
I'm gonna outsource it
to my therapist,
but he was gonna send
me to jail...
you know?
He'd do the same to you, Rome...
and Con.
Shiv, I don't know.
I don't know, maybe.
So, what do we owe him here,
really?
ROMAN: Well...
what would the shape
of this new fucking reality be,
anyway? Us leapfrogging Amazon?
Yeah! Well, uh, we're--
we're looking at, uh,
-323 BC, basically.
-Oh, yeah. Naturally--
Alexander's dead.
I take Asia, you take Egypt,
Shiv takes Europe, Con...
-the rest of the world.
-Right.
-Thanks.
-KENDALL: Separate divisions.
I could oversee us
as CEO on paper
as we shift
to these spheres of influence,
and evaluate
what his core is.
-We move forward.
-So, you'll oversee us?
KENDALL: Well, I'd offer
my leadership initially as a--
as a-- you know,
as a necessary part
of a transformational process.
-You would do that for us?
-Dude, I'm--
Oh, you're so generous.
Thanks, Ken.
Well, no,
because in your position
that just doesn't work.
-It's a stretch.
-"It's a stretch"?
It's a fucking scrotum
over a timpani drum.
SHIV: If I were to back you
against Dad,
I would need to take over.
-What? Whoa! (CHUCKLES)
-KENDALL: Here we go.
-Whoa, Nelly!
-(CHUCKLES)
KENDALL:
You know, I wish I could.
But you don't have
the experience.
So, that's not possible
right now.
-I wish it was, but it isn't.
-Come on! You're a busted flush.
I'm the only person
who can reform.
KENDALL: You're too divisive.
You're still seen--
I don't see you this way,
but you're still seen as a token
woman, wonk, woke, snowflake.
-I don't think that,
but the market does.
-What? Bullshit!
Well, it's true. I-- I just
spoke to the market,
that's exactly
what the market thinks.
Guys, interim chair, okay?
New directors. Clean broom.
And then, we can figure out
how to split the spoils.
(SMACKS LIPS) Uh,
I have some calls to make.
Well, I actually do
have some calls to make, so--
-SHIV: No. Unrelated.
-Take a moment.
But this stays in here, yeah?
ROMAN: Absolutely.
CONNOR: Yeah.
Okay.
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-(CELL PHONE RINGS)
-Mm-hmm?
-SHIV: Uh, hey, Tom.
-Mm-hmm.
-Can you, uh, can you talk?
-Mm-hmm. Yeah.
-SHIV: Okay.
-So, I'm with Ken.
-Oh, wow. You are?
-Did you know?
-No, I-- No. Why would I know?
Uh... So, he's--
he's offering an alliance.
Me, Rome, Con, we take down Dad.
-Shit.
-SHIV: Yeah. Yeah.
-What do you think?
-I don't know, is--
-How is he? Is he okay?
-TOM: Uh, he's okay.
Uh, the Bosnians want us
to leave. (CHUCKLES) Maybe.
Fuck! So...
Fuck, what do you--
what do you think?
If we got you, Frank.
Right, that's terminal, I guess.
But then...
who ends up King Potato?
-Is-- is it you?
-Maybe. I don't know.
(LAUGHING) I-- The--
I'm nobody, is the thing.
I've never worked
in the company,
and I don't even have
a fucking job title, what do--
(INHALES) But you can see it,
though. Can't you?
-Yeah.
-Yeah, you can see it.
-(LINE RINGING)
-GERRI: Yeah?
Hey, Gerr-bear. So,
I'm just gonna put my dick
in your mad,
scheming scissorhands here--
-Roman.
-Um, I'm at Kendall's
and he wants us to join up
with him and take down Dad.
-Uh-huh.
-ROMAN: So, yeah.
A nightmare for you
if that happens. But...
for a moment, put that aside,
which obviously you can't,
but if I do that...
what happens?
Um, if you all come out
and work the board...
honestly, yeah, I think
that zaps your dad.
Right. And then,
who takes over, do you think?
Is it-- is it gonna be Kendall,
or possibly me, Shiv?
No. I don't think
any of you come through.
It's snake linguini, I mean,
maybe Sandy picks, maybe--
I don't know, but...
Honestly, no.
I think you'll all get burnt.
Uh-huh. But obviously,
I can't trust you.
-GERRI: Hmm.
-I mean...
your advice is so compromised
as to be completely worthless.
-But what is your advice?
-Stick with me, Roman.
We have something going.
And I'm an incredibly
dangerous enemy
to whom you've just imparted
prejudicial information.
Well, don't threaten me, Gerri.
I don't have time to jerk off.
GERRI: So what are you gonna do?
Dad sent donuts.
What the fuck?
Dad has sent some
perfectly innocent,
and, I'm sure,
safe-to-eat donuts.
He wants us all to have
a nice tea party.
-SHIV: Oh.
-ROMAN: Beautiful.
KENDALL: Yeah!
He's gonna know.
Of course he is.
Well, did you tell him?
Shiv, come on.
Why would I tell him?
I wouldn't.
I mean-- No, of course--
Yeah, I mean, sure.
You think he would send
poisoned donuts
to the house
of his grandchildren?
No, I'm, like, 98 percent sure
those are not poisoned.
Okay. (CHUCKLES)
These are irrelevant, so--
Oh, no, no, no, no. These--
these are relevant donuts.
KENDALL: So, do we wanna?
Guys? You wanna?
I'll make the call right now.
We'll say it tonight.
It's over, we're in. New dawn.
Con, stop looking
at the fucking donuts, man.
Okay. Focus.
I'm out.
Well, fine. You're irrelevant.
-CONNOR: Hey, fuck you.
-Go on. Go.
-CONNOR: No, come on.
-KENDALL: You're not wanted.
-Go, go, go, go.
-Come on. No.
Yeah. You're not wanted.
You're not wanted.
-You know-- you know-- He's--
-You're not wanted!
You're not wanted!
ROMAN: Like he hasn't heard that
enough in his life.
(SCOFFS)
-Roman.
-Yeah. Howdy. What's up?
-KENDALL: Let's do this.
-Uh, pass.
-"Pass"? Why?
-ROMAN: A number of reasons.
Like what?
You-- you think I can't win?
Dude! We will win this together.
We'll fucking win.
I mean, come on, man. Wha--
what I eat don't make you shit.
-There's enough for us all.
-ROMAN: Uh, like I said,
I'm with Dad and I have been.
I always have been. Told you.
You're a fucking moron.
Shiv?
-Forget them--
-I'm with Dad.
(CHUCKLES)
-Why?
-Why? I don't need to tell you.
Yes, you fucking do! I-- is it
the goddamn donuts?
Have you been spooked
by fucking donuts?
-That's pathetic, Shiv.
-(SHIV SCOFFS)
Why? You owe me an explanation.
Oh, yeah, 'cause you've always
been very careful
to keep me fully informed.
What is it? You--
you don't believe me?
Obviously, you believe me.
So you're literally doing
the wrong thing
over the right thing,
that's what you're doing?
SHIV: I can see
that you're angry,
but please don't project
your disappointment onto me.
-Okay?
-There are times to be someone.
-It's high tide. It's high tide.
-Okay. Right. I ought to go.
Is-- is-- is it cowardice
or avarice? I'm intrigued.
Is it because you don't
take over, is that it?
Well, good luck
with sleeping on that, Shiv.
-Fuck you, plastic Jesus.
-(SCOFFS) You're a fucking twat.
(SCOFFS) I was the only one
you wanted, yeah?
I was the only one who mattered.
Yeah,
only 'cause you're the girl.
Girls count double now.
Didn't you know?
Oh, yeah. No, I know.
I fucking know.
It's only your teats
that give you any value!
So, you know,
it's only your teats.
You're calling it wrong.
And you're fucking
over the victims,
and you're fucking the company
at the AGM,
and therefore
renewal at the company,
and-- and the country,
and probably the planet,
-so well done, dipshit.
-(DOOR SLAMS)
I just don't wanna destroy Dad.
I'm a national figure.
It's not right
to kill one's father.
Yeah, you're a prick.
-History teaches us that.
-You're a natural fucking prick!
-Yeah.
-Save the planet, Ken.
You're a fucking prick.
Good night.
Oh, thanks for telling me
in person...
Good night,
you fucking prick. Idiot.
ROMAN: ...instead of calling
a press conference.
-♪ (SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
-What?
Lisa...
REPORTER: What's also unclear
is what's next for the largest
family-run media empire
in the United States.
It's long been believed
that Logan Roy wanted
to keep it in the family
when he decides to step aside,
-passing the reins of his--
-(IPAD TURNS OFF)
I think I need
to get back to the city.
People need to see
a little family unity.
Of course.
And you do have things
you could say no to stop him.
To drop some bombs,
you get burnt too, you know?
-Shiv?
-Roman.
-Oh. Hey, Romulus.
-Hey, Pop.
-LOGAN: You got her?
-Who? The one who matters?
Yeah, I'm with her.
LOGAN: Was she there?
Was she wobbling?
No. No, uh,
she was trying to get to Ken
to push him off course.
-LOGAN: Uh-huh?
-ROMAN: Yeah, she was dark
'cause she was all in
in trying to get to him.
Trying to talk him
around to, like,
burn the papers, but she
couldn't change his mind.
(SMACKING LIPS)
'Cause he's gone bananas.
Is she solid?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, she's solid.
Okay.
Okay, thank you, double down.
I'm getting out
of this shithole.
We should be together.
♪ (EPIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
So, uh, Gramps...
this-- this isn't the lawyer
I was recommended.
Pugh is a good man.
He's helping me
set my estate in order.
-ROGER PUGH: Hey, guys.
-EWAN: Hey.
Just getting a double black eye.
Strong filter
with a double espresso shot.
Might as well fire out
Charles Babbage's
difference engine.
Oh, right. Nice.
-America's always right.
-Never left.
(LAUGHS)
I think you're gonna like Pugh.
He's incredibility intransigent.
All right. Good, good. Yeah.
Okay.
Uh, can I--
do you mind if I just--
You probably have a--
Do you have a system?
-PUGH: No, this is good,
right here's good.
-GREG: Okay.
PUGH: So, priority one.
Your well-being
and the satisfactory outcome.
-Good. Okay. Yes. Yes, yes.
-PUGH: Priority two.
Expose the structural
contradictions of capitalism
as reified in the architecture
of corporate America.
Uh-huh. Good. Also good.
PUGH:
You're our little wedge, Greg.
-Mm-hmm.
-A nice, little wedge
to open up the hood and have
a poke around in, at Waystar.
Okay.
Good. I-- I guess...
I'm quite focused on, like,
my position and me,
in particular,
not getting fired,
or going to jail.
Um, that isn't too selfish.
Eyes on the prize, Greg.
Eyes on the prize.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Good.
I like it, I like it.
♪ (EPIC MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Which one is Shiv?
This one? Thanks.
Hi.
-TOM: Well done, Gerri.
-Thank you.
♪ (MUSIC FADES) ♪
Good to see you, Pinky.
Yeah, it's good
to have you back, Dad.
LOGAN: A hug would've been nice.
Uh, thanks for the donuts.
You know, and I think
they got enough shots of me
-through the window, so...
-Oh, no, no, no, not shots.
For the hug.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh, yeah, sure. Captain Cuddles.
LOGAN: So, I wanna get you in
before the shareholder meeting.
High level. President.
Uh-huh. What does it mean?
LOGAN: It means
whatever you want it to mean.
Okay. So, made-up.
Someone at the top,
with credibility.
A mascot?
My eyes and ears, Shiv.
And the heart of everything
through this shitstorm,
but wearing a full chemical
and biological suit,
going by the name...
of Gerri Kellman.
♪ (MUSIC CONTINUES) ♪
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪